Add Skinning Contest Tides of Winter Results Newspost (#6927)
ppy/osu-wiki: news/2022-02-25-skinning-contest-tides-of-winter-results.md

The song selection menu greets us with a texture filled with mountains everywhere at the bottom section as if we are in the middle of Alps on a sightseeing tour. The remainder holds an elegant yet minimalistic aura, for which creatively built structure of pause and fail menus can be shown as an example. Furthermore, the gameplay section from top to bottom left fairly simple, which goes well with the general theme fascinatingly well! If you don't believe my words, check what sort of a masterpiece Azure Snowfall really is!

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Za27g2rzhOc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Having snowy mountains and shiny stars meet at the horizon, thetasigma gets to achieve the 3rd place profile badge with their Azure Snowfall entry! Much congratz!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Having snowy mountains and shiny stars meet at the horizon, thetasigma gets to achieve the 3rd place profile badge with their Azure Snowfall entry! Congratulations!
```

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/8_UWmCKCTfc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

With their - 『Wintherest』 - entry, Redo\_ gets the reward fit for a champion, a profile badge featuring the very logo of this winning masterpiece! Big congratulations to Redo\_!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-02-25-skinning-contest-tides-of-winter-results/wintherest.png)

---

Be sure to have a look at the complete list of [Skinning Contest: Tides of Winter results](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/137) to see how many votes your favourites gathered.

> It has been a great pleasure for us to host the sequel to the osu! Skinning Contest during this Winter, with additional ice cubes! We would like to thank the contestants for putting up with the challenge, and those following the contest till the very end for their endearing interest. If you have any positive or negative feedback for next iterations, feel free to share with us through the comment section below or via joining the [skinship Discord server](https://discord.skinship.xyz)!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It has been a great pleasure for us to host the sequel to the osu! Skinning Contest during this winter, with additional ice cubes! We would like to thank the contestants for putting up with the challenge, and those following the contest till the very end for their endearing interest. If you have any positive or negative feedback for next iterations, feel free to share with us through the comment section below or via joining the [skinship Discord server](https://discord.skinship.xyz)!
```

Author: aren't season names capitalised? I will leave this for @Ephemeralis since i dont know enough about grammar rules

Reviewer: > aren't season names capitalised? I will leave this for @Ephemeralis since i dont know enough about grammar rules

I checked with Merriam-Webster dictionary [Do the Names of the Seasons Get Capitalized?](https://www.merriam-webster.com/words-at-play/are-season-names-capitalized)

Reviewer 2: only gets used as a proper noun when it's part of a title for a proper noun in this case, though i am guilty of this

> It has been a great pleasure for us to host the sequel to the osu! Skinning Contest during this Winter, with additional ice cubes! We would like to thank the contestants for putting up with the challenge, and those following the contest till the very end for their endearing interest. If you have any positive or negative feedback for next iterations, feel free to share with us through the comment section below or via joining the [skinship Discord server](https://discord.skinship.xyz)!

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
It has been a great pleasure for us to host the sequel to the osu! Skinning Contest during this Winter, with additional ice cubes! We would like to thank the contestants for putting up with the challenge, and those following the contest till the very end for their endearing interest. If you have any positive or negative feedback for next iterations, feel free to share them with us through the comment section below or by joining the [skinship Discord server](https://discord.skinship.xyz)!
```

---
layout: post
title: "Skinning Contest: Tides of Winter - Results"
date: 2022-02-25 12:00:00 +0000
---

> As the Winter season gradually wraps up, the results of the chilliest skinning contest to date arrive at your doorstep warmer than ever!

Reviewer 4: this makes way more sense in lowercase. if it was "Skinning Contest Winter Season" then yes, but not here

```suggestion
As the winter season gradually wraps up, the results of the chilliest skinning contest to date arrive at your doorstep warmer than ever!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-02-25-skinning-contest-tides-of-winter-results/banner.jpg)

No matter how well the titular tides of winter were represented throughout all **17** skins, your votes ultimately decided the most wintry of the bunch. 

Bitter choices were made with so few votes to go around, yet you managed to throw your *snowballots* right back at us in numbers we never expected, with a total of **17674** frosty votes made away by **6946** unique users barreling into our front yard like an avalanche!

Naturally, it took us a bit of time to count all the votes, make necessary preparations for the announcement and, you know, plough the snow on our yard. So without further ado:

## 3rd Place - Azure Snowfall

Capturing a total of **1697** hearts with an exquisite yet simplistic piece of art, [Azure Snowfall](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1498492), [thetasigma](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/6234482) achieves the 3rd place as the contest comes to an end!

> Projecting the tides of winter in a minimalistic approach, Azure Snowfall, as its name suggests, culminates the flakes of snow and the beauty of the sky at night. Opting for shades of dark blue tones almost everywhere, the skin neatly and artistically accomodates both snow and sky, providing a stargazing-inspired experience featuring the bluest of mountain zeniths where flakes and stars meet.

Reviewer 4: poetry pog

```suggestion
Projecting the tides of winter in a minimalistic approach, Azure Snowfall, as its name suggests, combines the flakes of snow with the beauty of the sky at night. Opting for shades of dark blue tones almost everywhere, the skin neatly and artistically accommodates both snow and sky, providing a stargazing-inspired experience featuring the bluest of zeniths above the mountains, where flakes and stars meet.
```

The song selection menu greets us with a texture reminiscent of the middle of Alps. The remainder holds an elegant yet minimalistic aura, exemplified in the pause and fail menus. Furthermore, the gameplay section from top to bottom is left fairly simple, which goes with the general theme fascinatingly well! If you don't believe my words, check what sort of a masterpiece Azure Snowfall really is!

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/Za27g2rzhOc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

Having snowy mountains and shiny stars meet at the horizon, thetasigma gets to achieve the 3rd place profile badge with their Azure Snowfall entry! Congratulations!

![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-02-25-skinning-contest-tides-of-winter-results/azure.png)

## 2nd Place - GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste

> **2006** voters chose none other than this tech-style masterpiece delicately crafted by the very hands of [BPChingu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236855), [GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1489926), claiming 2nd place on the podium!

Reviewer 4: the rhyming must continue~

also keep the order of skin, skinner

```suggestion
**2006** voters were brought a smile by none other than this masterpiece of delicate tech style, letting [GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1489926) by [BPChingu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236855) claim 2nd place!
```

Author: > [...], letting GnayuTeks by BPChingu 2nd place!

idk if this is just me, but that sounds weird

Reviewer 4: > letting [GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1489926) by [BPChingu](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/4236855) claim 2nd place!

did ya miss a word while reading? doesn't sound very off to me

Reviewer 4: whether the *entry* or the *creator* claims the prize is a matter of perspective, and it's completely fair to say it was the *contest entry* that won, or the other

... just to cover my bases, in case that was what you meant

> As the name might suggest, GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste is heavily inspired by the renowned Genshin Impact character Ganyu, and transports her into a futuristic osu! skin theme masterfully. Paying homage to the frigid Cryo element she wields in the original game, the skin is as much icy as it is minimalistic and futuristic, knitted together with an absolutely fantastic choice of color palette overall.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
As the name might suggest, GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste is heavily inspired by the renowned *Genshin Impact* character Ganyu, and transports her into a futuristic osu! skin theme masterfully. Paying homage to the frigid Cryo element she wields in the original game, the skin is as much icy as it is minimalistic and futuristic, knitted together with an absolutely fantastic choice of colour palette overall.
```

> Within the details there lies certain textual easter-eggy touches, most of which inform the user about hotkeys and functions, while others carry background information regarding Ganyu. From the use of speech bubbles and rectangular layouts to the futuristic lines and notations, the skin gives the impression that the player is looking through a visor. In any case, if you are fond of Genshin Impact and you would like to have Ganyu assist you on osu! as well, GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste is the perfect skin for you!

Reviewer 4: yes, lie

```suggestion
Within the details there lie certain textual easter-eggy touches, most of which inform the user about hotkeys and functions, while others carry background information regarding Ganyu. From the use of speech bubbles and rectangular layouts to futuristic lines and notations, the skin gives the impression that the player is looking through a visor. In any case, if you are fond of *Genshin Impact* and you would like to have Ganyu assist you in osu! as well, GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste is the perfect skin for you!
```

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/jpK7wINmCGA" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> Their beloved masterpiece GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste reserves BPChingu the 2nd place! Of course, what would be a more meaningful award than having Ganyu immortalized as their profile badge for such a delightful entry?

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Their beloved masterpiece GanyuTeks:Futur Céleste reserves BPChingu 2nd place! Of course, what would be a more meaningful award than having Ganyu immortalised as their profile badge for such a delightful entry?
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-02-25-skinning-contest-tides-of-winter-results/ganyu.png)

[Ganyu Artwork](https://www.pixiv.net/en/artworks/94717529) by [Doco](https://www.pixiv.net/en/users/71723824)

## Winner - - 『Wintherest』 -

> Majestically crafted by the hands of a skinner extraordinaire, [Redo\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7122165), [- 『Wintherest』 -](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1498493) takes the lead with **2347** votes, surpassing the 2nd place by a short margin!

Reviewer 4: rhyming twice, rhyming thrice

... that should suffice.

```suggestion
With majestic flare, crafted by the hands of a skinner extraordinaire, [- 『Wintherest』 -](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/topics/1498493) by [Redo\_](https://osu.ppy.sh/users/7122165) takes the lead with **2347** votes, surpassing 2nd place with quite the margin!
```

> Resorting to minimalist and modern styling methods, - 『Wintherest』 - brings the serenity of a wintry day and the vivid display of the aurorae together on your osu! client. The way snow is accumulated near the play button over which the logo of the skin is placed ensures a smooth transition to the anthracite layer that looks like a frosted glass filtering the lights of colour. On top of that, the use of white speech bubbles combined with various minuscule indicators strenghtens the skin's minimalistic ambience even further.

Reviewer 4: ```suggestion
Utilising minimalistic and modern styling methods, - 『Wintherest』 - brings the serenity of a wintry day and the vivid display of aurorae together on your osu! client. The way snow is accumulated near the play button over which the logo of the skin is placed ensures a smooth transition to the anthracite layer that looks like a frosted glass filtering the lights of colour. On top of that, the use of white speech bubbles combined with various minuscule indicators strenghtens the skin's minimalistic ambience even further.
```

Moreover, - 『Wintherest』 - not only keeps its minimalist and modern look consistent all throughout the skin, but gives the aurora effect further presence, showcased especially on the results screen. The gameplay interface on the other hand, seems to be unable to keep itself away from this aurora effect, which was placed onto the health, combo and score indicators individually, as well as the usual minimalistic aura. Without a doubt, Redo\_ did a fantastic job with this one, earning the community's approval as the most *Winteresting* pick of all.

<iframe width="100%" height="400" src="https://www.youtube-nocookie.com/embed/8_UWmCKCTfc" title="YouTube video player" frameborder="0" allow="accelerometer; clipboard-write; encrypted-media; gyroscope; picture-in-picture" allowfullscreen></iframe>

> With their - 『Wintherest』 - entry, Redo\_ gets the reward fit for a champion, a profile badge featuring the very logo of this winning masterpiece! Big congratulations to Redo\_!

Reviewer 4: the "h" must be there for a reason, i'm refusing to believe otherwise

```suggestion
- 『Wintherest』 - sure did win over the rest, and for that Redo\_ gets a reward fit for a champion, a profile badge featuring the very logo of their own masterpiece! Big congratulations to Redo\_!
```

![](/wiki/shared/news/2022-02-25-skinning-contest-tides-of-winter-results/wintherest.png)

---

Be sure to have a look at the complete list of [Skinning Contest: Tides of Winter results](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/contests/137) to see how many votes your favourites gathered!

> It has been a great pleasure for us to host the sequel to the osu! Skinning Contest during this Winter, with additional ice cubes! We would like to thank the contestants for putting up with the challenge, and those following the contest till the very end for their endearing interest. 

Reviewer 4: one does not till in winter

```suggestion
It has been a great pleasure for us to host the sequel to the osu! Skinning Contest during this winter, with additional ice cubes! We would like to thank the contestants for putting up with the challenge, and those following the contest 'til the very end for their endearing interest. 
```
